Add new measurement family in concepts (#353)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/concepts/target-market-settings.md

:::

## Channel
::: availability versions=1.7,2.x,3.x,4.0,Serenity editions=CE,EE
:::

A channel refers to a place where your product information will be visible: for example, a website, a print catalog or a mobile application.

> Actually, a channel defines a selection of products and information to export.

Author: Not linked to my update

:::

> ## Currency _(v2+)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Currency
```
Thanks Delph!

::: panel-link Want more details about the currency resource? [Check its endpoints here!](/api-reference.html#Currency)
:::

## Measure family
::: availability versions=2.x,3.x,4.0,Serenity editions=CE,EE
:::

::: warning

> For the Serenity version, we encourage you to use [these new endpoints](#measurement-family), as they are more powerful. They allow to create/update measurement families and they guarantee the order of the conversion operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the Serenity version, we encourage you to use [these new endpoints](#measurement-family), as they are more powerful. They allow you to create/update measurement families and they guarantee the order of the conversion operations.
```

:::

> If you want to store metrics regarding your product such as weight, height or power inside your PIM, you will need measure families. These entities will be really helpful in the case you are requesting products for a given channel and you want these metrics attributes to be converted into the units you specified in your channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to store your product metrics, such as weight, height or power, inside your PIM, you will need measure 
families. These entities will be really helpful when you are requesting products for a given channel and you want those metrics attributes to be converted into the units you set in the given channel.
```

Author: Not linked to my update

> Below is an example of one of these metrics attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is an example of one of the metrics attributes.
```

Below is an example of one of these measurement attributes.

![Metrics attribute](/img/concepts/metrics_attributes_ui.png)

Below is the JSON standard format representing a measurement family.

```json
{
  "code": "AREA",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "Area",
    "fr_FR": "Surface"
  },
  "standard_unit_code": "SQUARE_METER",
  "units":[
    {
      "code": "SQUARE_MILLIMETER",
      "labels": {
        "en_US": "Square millimeter",
        "fr_FR": "Millimètre carré"
      },
      "convert_from_standard": [
        {
          "operator": "mul",
          "value": "0.000001"
        }
      ],
      "symbol": "mm²"
    },{
      "code": "SQUARE_CENTIMETER",
      "labels": {
        "en_US": "Square centimeter",
        "fr_FR": "Centimètre carré"
      },
      "convert_from_standard": [
        {
          "operator": "mul",
          "value": "0.0001"
        }
      ],
      "symbol": "cm²"
    },{
      "code": "SQUARE_METER",
      "labels": {
        "en_US": "Square meter",
        "fr_FR": "Mètre carré"
      },
      "convert_from_standard": [
        {
          "operator": "mul",
          "value": "1"
        }
      ],
      "symbol": "m²"
    },...
  ]
}
```
::: info

> You can have at max 100 measurements families and 50 units per measurement family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have at max 100 measurements families and 50 units per measurement family.  
```
You need to add a double space at the end of your line to force a going to the next line.

As a consequence, when you ask for the list of measurement families with their units, you'll see that the response is not paginated. It won't cause any performance issue, since you can't have more than 100 measurement families.
:::

::: panel-link Want more details about the measurement family resource? [Check its endpoints here!](/api-reference.html#Measurementfamily)
:::

### Focus on the units

> For each measurement family, a unit is defined as standard and used to convert the other units using on or several conversion operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each measurement family, a unit is defined as standard and used to convert the other units using one or several conversion operations.
```

Each unit follows the same format:
```json
{
  "code": "UNIT_CODE",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "UNIT_LABEL_EN_US",
    "fr_FR": "UNIT_LABEL_FR_FR"
  },
  "convert_from_standard": [
    {
      "operator": "CONVERSION_OPERATOR",
      "value": "CONVERSION_VALUE"
    }
  ],
  "symbol": "UNIT_SYMBOL"
}
```

In this formula:

> - `UNIT_CODE` is the code to identify a unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UNIT_CODE` is the code to identify a unit.
```

> - `UNIT_LABEL_EN_US` and `UNIT_LABEL_FR_FR` are the labels of a unit in each locale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UNIT_LABEL_EN_US` and `UNIT_LABEL_FR_FR` are the labels of a unit in each locale.
```

:::

::: panel-link Want more details about the measurement family resource? [Check its endpoints here!](/api-reference.html#Measurementfamily)
:::

### Focus on the units

For each measurement family, a unit is defined as standard and used to convert the other units using one or several conversion operations.

Each unit follows the same format:
```json
{
  "code": "UNIT_CODE",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "UNIT_LABEL_EN_US",
    "fr_FR": "UNIT_LABEL_FR_FR"
  },
  "convert_from_standard": [
    {
      "operator": "CONVERSION_OPERATOR",
      "value": "CONVERSION_VALUE"
    }
  ],
  "symbol": "UNIT_SYMBOL"
}
```

In this formula:
- `UNIT_CODE` is the code to identify a unit.
- `UNIT_LABEL_EN_US` and `UNIT_LABEL_FR_FR` are the labels of a unit in each locale.
- `CONVERSION_OPERATOR` is the operator for a conversion operation to convert a unit in the standard unit.
- `CONVERSION_VALUE` is the value for a conversion operation to convert the unit in the standard unit.
- `UNIT_SYMBOL` is the symbol of the unit.

::: info

> One conversion operation per unit is required and you can have at max 5 conversion operations per unit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One conversion operation per unit is required and you can have a maximum of 5 conversion operations per unit.
```

:::

If you have several conversion operations, the order of the conversion operations is important. For example, to convert the Fahrenheit unit in the standard unit Kelvin, you need to define 3 conversion operations:
1. Subtract 32
2. Divide by 1.8
3. Add 273.15

#### Examples
**With 1 conversion operation for the standard unit**
```json
{
  "code": "KELVIN",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "Kelvin",
    "fr_FR": "Kelvin"
  },
  "convert_from_standard": [
    {
      "operator": "mul",
      "value": "1"
    }
  ],
  "symbol": "°K"
}
```

> **With 1 conversion operation for a non standard unit**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**With 1 conversion operation for a non-standard unit**
```

```json
{
  "code": "CELSIUS",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "Celsius",
    "fr_FR": "Celsius"
  },
  "convert_from_standard": [
    {
      "operator": "ADD",
      "value": "273.15"
    }
  ],
  "symbol": "°C"
}
```

> **With 3 conversion operations for a non standard unit**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**With 3 conversion operations for a non-standard unit**
```

}
```

::: panel-link Want more details about the measure family resource? [Check its endpoints here!](/api-reference.html#Measurefamily)
:::

## Measurement family
::: availability versions=Serenity editions=CE,EE
:::

> If you want to store measurement regarding your product such as weight, height or power inside your PIM, you will need measurement families. These entities will be really helpful in the case you are requesting products for a given channel and you want these measurement attributes to be converted into the units you specified in your channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to store your product measurement, i.e. weight, height or power inside your PIM, you will need measurement families. These entities will be really helpful when you are requesting products for a given channel and you want these measurement attributes to be converted into the units you set in the given channel.
```

> Below is an example of one of these measurement attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of one of these measurement attributes.
```

![Metrics attribute](/img/concepts/metrics_attributes_ui.png)

Below is the JSON standard format representing a measurement family.

```json
{
  "code": "AREA",
  "labels": {
    "en_US": "Area",
    "fr_FR": "Surface"
  },

>   "standard_unit_code": "SQUARE_METER",

Reviewer: I would add in the `units` array below this unit to be extra clear.

Author: Ah yes, it's added

  "units":[
    {
      "code": "SQUARE_MILLIMETER",
      "labels": {
        "en_US": "Square millimeter",
        "fr_FR": "Millimètre carré"
      },
      "convert_from_standard": [
        {
          "operator": "mul",
          "value": "0.000001"
        }
      ],
      "symbol": "mm²"
    },{
      "code": "SQUARE_CENTIMETER",
      "labels": {
        "en_US": "Square centimeter",
        "fr_FR": "Centimètre carré"
      },
      "convert_from_standard": [
        {
          "operator": "mul",
          "value": "0.0001"
        }
      ],
      "symbol": "cm²"
    },...
  ]
}
```

::: warning
New endpoints for the measurement families are only available for the Serenity version.

> :::

Reviewer: To remove.

Author: Yes, done
